#summary News and announcements for the ksoap2-android project
#labels Featured

<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />

= Changelog =

The commit log is available at [https://github.com/mosabua/ksoap2-android/commits/]

= Releases =

== 2.5.4 Release, upcoming ==

 * license and contributor details updated

== 2.5.4 Release, 2011-02-04 ==

 * fixed bug in URI properties acquisition
 * added feature to manage cookies across request response communication
 * javadoc updates
 * exposed connection in transport for access
 * fixed property count returned in getResponse [https://github.com/mosabua/ksoap2-android/commit/1184019043cc63e7439f577cf740cc3cdb88e923]

== 2.5.3 Release, 2011-02-04 ==

see 2.5.4 release, the release process failed for this release number due to technical difficulties

== 2.5.2 Release, 2010-11-01 ==

 * added https transport fixing issue 6 [http://code.google.com/p/ksoap2-android/issues/detail?id=6]
 * deprecated android https transport classes since they are null change implementations of the SE ones and conflict with Android SDK class names too ( a future release will remove these classes)
 * applied vector node patch fixing issue 29 [http://code.google.com/p/ksoap2-android/issues/detail?id=29]
 * updated copyright file with more details from contributors


== 2.5.1 Release, 2010-10-12 ==

After merging a bunch patches and figuring out how to do a release I have created a 2.5.1 release and deployed it to the Maven repo on google code. Included fixes
 * attribute reading working issues [http://code.google.com/p/ksoap2-android/issues/detail?id=17] and [http://code.google.com/p/ksoap2-android/issues/detail?id=4]
 * patch for empty soap fault detail 
 * a bunch of convenience methods for working with soapobjects

== 2.3 Release, 2009-08-16 ==

Version 2.3 of the ksoap2-android project was released on Sunday, 2009-08-16.  This release contains fixes for the following issues:
 * [http://code.google.com/p/ksoap2-android/issues/detail?id=2 Issue 2]: Duplicated `AndroidHttpTransport.class` and `AndroidServiceConnection.java` files in the release JAR.
 * [http://code.google.com/p/ksoap2-android/issues/detail?id=3 Issue 3]: `AndroidServiceConnection` is using wrong httpclient library version


= Other Announcements =

== 2010-10-12 Wiki overhaul ==

I did a major overhaul of the wiki and the content on it as well as adding more content. 

== 2010-10-08 Project Owner Change == 

The project has been dormant for too long and as of today has been taken over by Manfred Moser http://www.simpligility.com. Thanks to Karl Davies for past project creation and maintenance

In the near term the following steps are planned:

  * applying some of my own patches
  * applying some patches I received from various other community members
  * updating the wiki to reflect the new state
  * various other tasks that might come up
  * create a new release
  * maybe publish artifacts to Maven Central in the longer run..

We will create issues for all these tasks shortly and track progress with the issue tracker.

A new mailing list has been created so please feel free to join the list and post any ideas or questions there.

Manfred

== 2009-08-16, Development Status ==

My apologies for the long hiatus in updates to this project.  I was actually quite surprised to discover today that others were making use of it.  I just pushed out a new release (2.3) to resolve the issues folks were having making use of it.

If you'd like to help contribute to this project, please let me know.  I'll try to put up a page with build instructions sometime in the near future.